hey guys we're here movie clips and we
are talking about now you see me which
is coming on theaters this Friday as
Friday yeah now we're pretty excited
about this movie I gotta talk about the
cast on this thing got jesse eisenberg
isla fisher Woody Harrelson Michael
Caine Morgan Freeman Mark Ruffalo
Melanie Laurent and dave Franco we know
that it's a heist film we know that it
involves magic we haven't really been
revealed exactly how they're pulling off
this trick was a good magician never
tells right they've done these cool
viral videos that explore real-life
heists things that actually happen that
it kind of went unsolved and continue to
go on Saul right right and they've
incorporated this cool kind of maybe
magic it's like a what element kind of
page yeah which is which is a quick way
of recontextualizing history but they're
really cool videos that they did a lot
of research on them obviously yeah they
kind of explore these real-life heights
we're going to put them in the post role
for you to click on so now you see me in
theaters Friday I gotta say I'm super
super pumped we only know two things we
only know that there's gonna be heist
and we only know that there's gonna be
magic and somewhere in the middle that
are gonna you can wind up together i'm
rob I'm Jimmy commander thank you for
watching
you